hello to you with you and this is my
The first tutorial in which I would like for you
tell like u son faders for
minecraft absolutely on any version
absolutely on any texture pack essence
The way is that we just
we swing standard configuration of shaders
On the version we need, let's say I downloaded
day 4 5 on 1 4 7 and download my archive
I will leave it under the video link in it
there will be shaders ultra configuration then
repairing shaders from version 125 we just
import how to do it i will show you
it's very simple and easy
for this we go to the wall site
maycroft maycro forum. no in section
mods forum
This is Maykroft mods and go to the list
of mods
so you come here and you have the police
such a huge topic with mods and we
we enter we press control of and we enter g
hp and we have the same ls-l shader smog
and g & g and doors of we need to anneal
shader of the words we go in there and further we
should open the spoiler
so in it we will see a dls sasha doors of
but this version of my minecraft if u
you version 145 then you need here 145 or
146 we download 147 latest version 117 and
swing optifine under it necessarily
see here only work with versions
hd b3 b4 this is sure we go there
so while we come in we swing the shaders
configuration itself standards that is here
and now open older version
so here we will have optifine 146 hd
you by 4
we need it we swing waiting for five seconds
and swing skip ads swing so
Well, we downloaded open both archives
so now go to the appdata folder then
there is a folder where is the reddest
open the minecraft folder
open the bin folder and open mikroft i
so in it we see the folder my time we delete
because without it we cannot
run the mod itself so we were shaders
so and now we are first with us first
deed necessarily optifine so transferable
all this here and then verbally
standard shader configuration and
now test it in the game so and so
but we close create randomly
generating a generating world and now
of the castle i mean i imagine
standard configuration standard
configuration it is that
we have no light effects no shadows no
dynamic lighting but we have
moving foliage and move foliage on
trees and everything so well now about whom
I wanted to show you what you are
ultra config shaders for this we
exit minecraft so open
minecraft folder itself and open my
archive
pits will leave a link to it under the video there
there will be two folders texture patch and and daddy
ultra config we go into ultra config
there will be a folder shader again transferred to
Minecraft folder replace if we do
not so move the replacement so everything is so
now we open the texture patch and guys
one thing but if you if you use
your texture pack more precisely non-standard you
capturing the texture pack folder you have
minecraft and archive my addon for sure
why 10 rs5
you open your texture pack on me
now there is no fossa with the usual
textures are somehow done well and
words for now how to do in others
textures you open your texture pack
archive and just transfer this one more precisely
archive contents addon for syoss
city ​​1 5 transfer your texture pack and
everything
if you use standard
textures mikroft then you open
Mycroft Yar
and transfer everything there it is done here
so so all well and now you will see
differences between standard config
shaders and ultra so again we close
this window
we go our world and we see that we have everything
very beautiful lighting moves the grass
dynamic shadows dynamic lighting
in general everything is very beautiful everything is super well
this is the way plus y
us again nevada as you see here
us so beautiful realistic moves
the foliage is all super
but guys and this version of this config
for shaders, it requires a very powerful
comp and I would not advise becoming a weak
car well and that's it
on this i say goodbye soon what is 10 15
days guys and lower the second card this
hunter pj will also be version 10 beta
they will have many different quests
Dragons will not even be in the typical enpisi
buildings and that's all for now
subscribe to the channel put likes
comment video no further
to do
do I have reviews of mods there
tutorials or I just let
my card thrillers and the cards themselves
release of course well and on this i
goodbye to everyone